I don't feel I will be "reasonable" until I don't feel this massive void in my life.

It has to do with power. Sex is very important to me. Being enough for someone sexually, physically. Not just enough but more than enough. Not anything inferior, where some random dude could walk in and be considerably better. That is a very important thing to me, and it traumatizes me to think that I am significantly inferior to a large portion of guys. I'm not even talking about supermen, but "dime a dozen" guys like you say.

To feel like you can rock someone's world. It's the most reassuring, confidence boosting, joy inducing, satisfaction giving thing. It is my fuel. Without it I am deprived, and useless. I feel like anything else is just unacceptable.

I'm not sure it has to do with accepting the unacceptable. Maybe it does, but I will feel restless without that "power". I'm pretty sure you know exactly what I'm talking about. I want to be wanted. I don't want the love of my life to want someone else... To be awed be someone else. I want that. Me. Mother fucking me. Not someone else. And not feeling like I am worthy of that... self-inflicted feelings or not (I don't think they are but who knows).... makes me come up with all these crazy ways of filling that need. Desperation, deprivation.... I am literally willing to do anything.

A large part of my drive to work now has to do with creating enough wealth so I can afford to stick needles into various parts of my body in hopes that I can attain this sense of masculinity that I feel like I am trapped in a shell of my true self. This is not who I am. I feel like I am trapped within inferior genetics, and the product of a poor environment.

I feel like people's experiences are primarily influences by a few major factors. Health, family, physical environment, and genetics. I don't blame anyone but I was fucked somewhere along the way and I just feel like I am living out my place in life. Not being worthy of being included in social groups. Although it's not a matter of worthiness, it's rooted in a lack of health. When you're unhealthy, anxious, deprived for love, it makes it very hard to be likeable, to date, to make money, to fulfill those needs that are crucial, that your body cries for, and refuses to function sometimes when it doesn't see that end in sight of attaining some reasonable amount of affection, approval and intimacy from an intelligent and kind woman.

Did you not claim that Todd had an ideal penis size?
Did you not claim that bigger is better?
Did you not claim that malik is Much More Masculine Than I?
Did you not claim that you are Much More Sexually Attracted To Malik Than I?

Maybe all these things don't matter, but to my brain they do apparently. Maybe I am a stupid fucking reptile, but this fucking feeling that I am inferior to these guys.... I feel like it programs me to be unhappy. I feel like it prevents me from being confident, because being confident would have to do with feeling assured that you can fulfill your deepest, most constant desires with some regularity. I rarely feel this. And when I do, it's always merely a thought that it will happen sometime in the future. It's never now.

I just need to feel worthy. Shit I'll do whatever it takes, I feel like. I feel like I would do anything to get that because the pain of not having it is too great to want to continue life. That's like my source for joy.

Imagine not having your parents around. Your kids. Nothing. No one. What would you have? What would you want, crave, desire......... Would you be happy? What would you live for?

I don't want to feel like I can be used, powerless, or to be judged as inferior, or to have a major contrast of attraction between me and other guys, because if that.. then you should be with them, and not me. You should be with who you are most attracted to.

I'm sorry for rambling. I feel like you're an intelligent person, and you should understand deeply what I'm saying. But at the same time, I guess I kind of blame you in a way for my feelings of a lack of masculinity. I don't really blame you though for wanting a masculine man... I just really want to be that man more than anything, and if I can't be... well then I'm probably going to spend the rest of my life a miserable person. I have thought many times that I'll eventually probably find something else to replace this feeling, but no, I'm always going to want to feel like I'm good enough for a woman that I love and respect, and one who loves me. And I don't want to feel like I have to compensate for my lack of masculinity in other ways and to be expected to appreciate and to be rewarded in other ways, and to lack that primal connection that is potentially available with other people but lacking with me. I can't seem to accept that reality, but that's the reality I sense I'm living it based on my perception of your perception, and my perception of most women in general.

Lots of words. Not sure if there's really anything of value here. I repeat this stuff over and over wishing you could just come and look at me a certain way, touch me a certain way, and give me a sense that, yes, I am good enough. Help ground me, help me understand what it is that you want me to be.... exactly, so I can go do it. But maybe I am lacking physically, but I'm still... good enough? And not inferior? Although I guess that's impossible. I will literally become a fucking beast if that what it means to be manly, masculine... and desirable. It's really sad but look how I live my life. That's the sad shit. I can barely get out of the house and interact and engage with the world. I'm already dead this way.

I love you. I know they're just words, and I know what I've done and said to you in the past can't be retracted. But you're really great. I'm sorry I verbally abuse you. I pray to myself for courage to be stronger, to stop self-sabotaging myself and therefore others. I pray that someday I will learn to not compare myself to others, or to feel insecure about a sense of lacking intimacy or attraction with someone. Although I'm not sure how to not be insecure about something you want so badly but don't have. That seems paradoxical. For now, I just try to fill that void and try not to sense a lack of intimacy, and try to be good enough. I'm still young, and it's almost 2015 dammit.. where there's a will there's a way.